🎁 Reward takes completion ids (#3272)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/grpo_trainer.md

Below is an example of a reward function for a standard format that rewards longer completions:

```python
def reward_func(completions_ids, **kwargs):
    """Reward function that assigns higher scores to longer completions (in terms of token count)."""
    return [float(len(ids)) for ids in completions_ids]
```

You can test it as follows:

```python
>>> prompts = ["The sky is", "The sun is"]  # not used in the reward function, but the trainer will pass it
>>> completions = [" blue.", " in the sky."]  # not used in the reward function, but the trainer will pass it
>>> completions_ids = [[6303, 13], [304, 279, 12884, 13]]
>>> reward_func(prompts=prompts, completions=completions, completions_ids=completions_ids)
[2.0, 4.0]
```

> #### Example 1bis: Reward longer completions (based in the number of caracters)

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
#### Example 1.1: Reward longer completions (based in the number of characters)
```
